hi folks quick update for me on campaign
against coronavirus first of all in my
own case although I'm feeling better and
I've done my my 7 days of isolation alas
I still have one of the symptoms a minor
symptom of I have a syllabic temperature
and so in accordance with government
advice I must continue myself isolation
until that symptom itself goes but we're
working clearly the whole time on our
program to defeat the virus you have
seen the big announcement yesterday
about a hundred thousand tests per day
by the end of the month and I just want
to say one truthful thing one quick
thing to everybody thinking about this
weekend and what may be some funny
weather but if I reckon a lot of people
will be starting to think that this
isn't very on for quite a long time and
they'd rather be getting out there and
particularly think what you've got kids
in the household everybody may be
getting a bit stir-crazy and maybe just
a temptation to get out there hang out
and and start to to break the
regulations and I just urge you not to
do that please please stick with the
guidance now this country has made a
huge effort a huge sacrifice done
absolutely brilliantly well in a
delaying the spread of the virus a let's
stick with it now remember that
incredible
clapping again last night for our
fantastic NHS were doing it to protect
them and to save lives let's focus on
doing everything we can stay at home
folks protect our NHS save lives
[Music]
you